Hi, Hello everyone has returned with open Podcast Episode 3. And our theme today is”early puberty, late openness."
And I'm from SexEdu by Page. And I'm the south from Saigon. And thank you to Durex, the world's No. 1 condom company
he has been with the podcast for three seasons. And Durex always encourages people to freely explore their sexual colours.
And soon we will come together with 3 Confession videos from Open Club. What is open Club?
Open Club is a community that we bring from Open here. From the time we were casting hosts, we had more than 300 subscribers
and fortunately, we decided to make this community bigger and bigger. Hopefully young people will have a community where they can sit together
sharing, talking to each other makes sex more civilized, open, and fun. So what are we waiting for, we're going to come together with 3 Confession videos.
A shock in puberty that you dare not share with anyone? People won't believe it, but it's their voice.
If it had been before, my voice would have been super clear. I quite like that. And quite proud of that.
But when it comes to puberty, it really changes 180 degrees.
As people often say, it will be from a swan to a male duck. When I first ejaculated passively during sleep,
it's called a dream. At the time, I really wasn't confused. I don't have much psychology.
I was just wondering: "why is there a white, cloudy, mucous substance in my body?”
Naturally I have a feeling that is, it is something very normal of the body just that I do not know about it.
It must have been a dream. Because having a dream is something new for me.
It is possible that because of my own needs too early, it is something that happens subconsciously, that is, in sleep, it happened.
And when you have this phenomenon, you are very afraid to share it with your family and relatives. When you talk to an adult, they say
you should find out more about this. When I first found out about it, I just learned that, well, this is quite common.
Then, and now we're going to start going into the first part of the True Self. Just like the old model, I would invite guests to introduce themselves,
with the following factors: one, biological sex. Two, sexual orientation. Three, gender identity.
Four, home address. Year, genealogy, phone number, identity card.
Joke, the last thing is to say. How do you want people to address you?
My Name Is Tran Nhat Khanh, and people call me Panpanchiuchiu. I'm Pansexual.
My biological body, my genitals are male. Gender identity is male. And my name is he and him.
Well, our practice today is about puberty. So it will have a slight break.
Let's talk about your puberty memories.
When you get up, you open your eyes. Open your eyes? Ah. I mean, I slipped a shot of what I opened my eyes. How about opening your eyes?
When he opened his eyes? Wake up and open your eyes. God. Why wake up and open your eyes? Why is it counted as puberty?
Is it a puberty memory? The baby he's taking the letter puberty with the letter open his eyes, it's literally right? Well, Oh, ok, puberty, right? Get up, baby.
Puberty, not puberty. That must be waking up, okay? Ừ.
Voice. Voice? Voice. When I get up, I change my voice a lot. Ừ.
How did your voice come from and how did it go? My voice was high then. Your voice can sing that way.
Where, and now what time to sing? I can't sing now. Can't sing anymore.
That's it. It's your Monday change, since puberty, you can't sing anymore. I can't sing from the top. I can't sing.
What about Nam? Okay, à. My first evolution in puberty was to grow leg hair.
Oh. But the problem is I'm waiting for it to grow some hair elsewhere, you understand?
Ah. Once Upon a time there was a period of going to the bath with three, and then there were three types: "Úi, why does his father have...”
It is a dense forest. Well,it's such a dense look. Now you know it wasn't, ha.
Now go get ready. That's right. Then the hair of his legs began to come out, and then he said, “What's the matter with God?”
I mean why her legs are white, she's, I'm shaving.
I'm going to shave, it's done when I'm done shaving, I find it itchy. I found it itchy and it was burning.
Then I took my mother's grapefruit oil and let it come out quickly. And now it's a forest.
Every time you go swimming or go to the sea, it's like a bunch of Moss.
It's stamping, stamping. Hey, I invite you through my hair removal page. You got it, right? Okay, I'll pass.
But I want to ask something a little less clean. So when we first got up, did we ever have a wet dream?
Wet dream, right? Wet dream. You know what? You know what? Dream elf. That's right. Exactly. Yeah,it's a dream.
Yes. Yes, see, that's it. One day I woke up. How old were you that year?
Grade 7, Grade 8. Level 2. [ ... ] but I slipped my pants off,
I see a tangle like a spider web, but it's hard.
It's dry. It's dry, isn't it? Well, I mean, I was wet dream in the middle of the night, when I was asleep I didn't know.
You turned Stone, didn't you? It's stiff. I'm just bewildering what this is.
Yeah. Yeah, I'll know later. And South? You?
I mean, I masturbated a little early. That is, one natural day he looked up and finished his way:
“What do we do with this now? Then he said, " Hmm, hmm”" Hey!
It's very light, it's not like this. It's very light. Yeah, it's over, it's over, it's over.
After a while it stiffened. Yeah. But when it came out.
It came out, and I remember it.
that feeling I had before. Ừ. But there was a time somewhere I don't remember sleeping,
naturally, just lie down and grab onto the pillow. Yes, yes, yes. Well, then naturally there's a very strange feeling,
Well, it's done, boom, but looking down on the pants doesn't get wet, doesn't see anything. Yeah. Back at this time, it sprayed up.
Well, I just felt it. You're like, " Hey, what is that?"Then start going in and tell your mother.
because when I was a kid, I was in my pants or something, I would tell my mother to wash my pants.
Then I'm like No no no, there seems to be something that he's trying to tell me not to tell anyone.
Ok, this is my brother's business. Come on, let's get clean again. There.
You got it? I do, I sympathize with Mr. Nam. What is ICO? How is it that you sympathize with yours?
In fact, the thing that you puberty, it happens that a lot of male friends may have happened but that
few said. Ừ. And in sex education there is no mention of this. That is? It's the prone masturbation.
What masturbation? Lying on your stomach. Lying on your stomach. It's like you said that. Oh, yeah. Ok.
When I was a kid, I wanted to have sex. And I don't know, I don't have a woman.
I don't have anything to masturbate with either. I don't know what the traditional form of masturbation is.
I just banged on the bed, rolled back and forth until it came out. Ừ.
And I've been using this form of masturbation until now. Oh. Nice.
And I can't masturbate traditionally. Ủa so? Oh, good. But let me ask you a little bit
before I had such activities, did I ever watch movies, watch porn? Of course I'll watch porn.
How old are you watching porn? Reply. 4th grade. 4th grade? Yes.
How? I see... By your machine? Yeah, I watch with you. So liver?
Huh? Yes. With her sister? Yes, with my sister. Nice. Yes, for real.
For real? Yes. There's my mom in front of me, but what do we think is that my mom doesn't know?
My mother doesn't know. Huh? You and your father's machine. It's all natural that we don't mute.
Then the sound of it rang out all over the room and my mother got up and said, " Dad." And my father handled us.
How to handle it? Finally, the fault means that the sisters are sisters pop up but the last fault everyone puts on is my fault.
That's what happened to the whole family in there, right? My father's machine, you two watch in front of me, right? Yes.
No, because my mother is busy working. And you and your sisters are behind your back. We're playing games, and we're scrolling through documents.
There is a video in the document, and there is a lot in the video. When you and I saw it, did we know what it was?
And how do we feel? We know it's cuddling. It's love.
Do you know it's something you shouldn't consider? I don't know, but I like to see it. Ah.
No, but I'm lucky too. Because of what I came into contact with the first porn, what I remembered was cuddling,
it means that at least the actors in it are acting in a scene that is as intimate as the couples.
There's a connection. There's a good coordination, right? Exactly. For example if you see a friend who wins for the first time such as
This is the "plumbing worker", it's stained. Because it will make the correlation really misleading.
Because there are so many different genres on it that it is debauchery. Anyway, if that is the case, then in a while we get up.
We have any action or event that I regret the way I wish if I had a mirror of the past,
just as the movie is now so famous there is the mirror of the past we go back, we go back
what do we not want to do the most? I have two. Ừ. The first one is that I wish I wore my panties sooner.
Why? So what happened to the panties? I think I'm wearing my panties pretty late.
Ừ, how old? 8th grade, 9th grade I just started wearing. Although it was then that I knew the concept was to pull
down a bit to cover that part, but I didn't know I could fix it by wearing panties.
Does that mean you used to wear a pair of pants? That's right. Wow. School is wearing only one pair of pants.
Then it was not until later that my cousin said Why not wear panties, but I saw that it was squash, it was hot. Ừ.
And I have to start, and then start wearing it. Because I was so used to wearing a pair of pants.
And what is the Monday? It's the prone masturbation. Masturbation on her stomach? Why regret it? That means you're not gonna do it?
Is that what you feel bad about? Ok, that's a special case when you suddenly discover it.
But somewhere I really want traditional masturbation. I really want to come out when I…
Shot? Use your hands, yes. Because, imagine going, when that travels, or is going somewhere,
when it's up or I want to masturbate, I need a bed. Now here, listen. Get me a gel bottle, let me show you.
Now when you masturbate, right? I avoid using my bare hands, I use the gel.
You put it in your head, you remember, you pulled your foreskin up, didn't you?
Then let's go. Pull it up? Pull the foreskin up, then start grasping from the middle of the winning wire,
grasp it like this, and then start moving you down, and move up, and you try to do this, your hand is tight just right, going at an even margin.
After that, is it time for you to masturbate, do you have to watch porn movies?
Yes. Well, now I try first to masturbate with my hands like this and watch porn first.
Well, it will help you very, very, very much. This situation may have an example,
there are times when the feeling of lying on your stomach is more than the feeling of scratching on the winning line.
I noticed that the fact that my stomach was on my brace was going to scratch down the bed so that it made me feel like it and I wanted to ejaculate.
Now I just need to make sure that the thing is to stimulate the winning area constantly and often that you will be able to ejaculate.
There. Ừ. Ok, I mean, I don't know, but I don't think we should feel sorry or sad
because I chose or I accidentally discovered that lying on my stomach before the tradition.
Because it's just another way, isn't it? It's just another way to get to know yourself.
Well, now we're going through True Expression.
And now we're going to go to the next section, True Expression. What are we going to express today? Espresso?
Well, I've been talking a lot about how I felt,
or how I found out. What about my parents? Well, because I think most of all puberty is like
my consciousness as well as the way I look at sex and my body, parents play a very important part.
Well, for me, what did my parents do and how did it affect me during puberty?
In fact, your parents let you go, like me, an early approach to sex.
I thought it was because my parents wanted me to have children. Huh? Slowly, do your parents want you to have children?
I don't understand. Since when? Ok, I mean, your parents want you to have a baby, but, I mean, what time is it?
Ok, my parents are Homophobia. Oh. And my parents don't want me to be gay.
Ừ. So, that is, my parents want to let me go to a threshold to be born,
study, finish school, marry, give birth. But it will be a concept. Concept, concept, yeah.
But yet, let me define what you are listening to on the program of openness is Homophobia?
Well, Homophobia are homophobic people. That means homophobia, right?
Discrimination against homosexuals. That is, those who are born are just like a boy, two are a girl. But why does it sound right and wrong, that is, one is
Homophobia has a great sense of guiding you and giving you knowledge.
It's knowledge, right? It's obviously knowledge, isn't it? That is, my parents want to apply me, I have to apply that to a woman.
Yeah. If so then it will begin to have difficulties in the puberty journey
until now, it's Pansexual. I chose to be a full-fledged person, the full-fledged person here is them
they will love it, even if their feelings only come from the fact that they like the person
it's not in any gender. Yes. Isn't it? Yes. And I told you earlier and Nam
I've known women and I've known men too. Yes. Did your parents know this? How does this journey go?
My parents, I actually came out with my mother. And my mother just accepted, closed her eyes.
Because my mom wanted to push that answer to my dad, but my dad didn't. You and I are connected to each other just like three children, but not yet
a sit down to speak carefully. Well, carefully about your sexual orientation.
But can you dim know? I think my parents knew it from an early age. Oh.
In fact, that's why my parents had to get me straight. But I thought I knew women and I knew men
do your parents know you both? In fact the relationships I've known my parents never knew anyone
So have you ever eaten both lines, or have you eaten one line, or have you eaten both lines
Then you can rest assured, if you want to give birth, you can still give birth normally. I can eat both lines.
You should be assured of that first. Because in the end, like I said, My parents hated any way.
The important thing they want is that you have children. Yes, I did this, I can have children.
That is, it is not something too contrary to myself. It's important that you have children. I mean I want to have a baby in a natural way,
naturally, it's kind of like having sex with a heterosexual woman you can still do. There are some people like them who are gay,
if they want to have children, they have to combine other disciplines.
Okay, that might be a little harder, but for example, you have a multidimensional emotion, it doesn't matter.
So I think it's ok when you identify yourself as Pansexual,
and I said that level 2 I know women, but Level 3 I know men. Have you ever been discriminated against by people,
or are people saying this or that or there are times when there are more unfortunate friends than being beaten.
That's right. Did you get it? When I was a kid, I was teased by my friends.
Then he's right, he'll be beaten too. God. Partly because my family is a very special family.
My parents are Bingo owners. Oh. So it's the kind of parents you're used to, the kind of people you're used to attributing it to
this guy is the son of these two, who are the owners of the bingo.
And there's a lot of transgender siblings in the bingo, so they think this guy's probably going to grow up and he's going to be transgender,
it's gonna go down, too. Like that. So the word calves it often applies to me to stigma and the type of insecurity I have.
Wait but my family is the owner of the bingo but my parents
again.. again Homophobia? No, in general I think that what it's a little contradictory like this sometimes it comes
from different experiences. Yeah, it's not that it's natural for parents to give birth to something they don't like or discriminate against homosexuals.
I think it's partly because my parents want me to be straight. Ừ. It could also be a part of the way that, before the page had spoken to men
having analyzed things like this, Nam said a pretty good sentence. It was sometimes because my parents saw that the people who worked in the bingo convoy they suffered too much,
or the homosexuals they suffered, so they wanted me to make my path less painful. Yes.
Like that. Sometimes my parents work with them in this world. And my parents thought,”Ok, that's the LGBT world.",
and they will have to go that way, and they will suffer. Yes. Yes. When I was so stigmatized, did I talk to my parents about it?
I'm not. Not always? Why? Because you, in fact, when you were violent, you were a bit heavy.
Is it? Ừ. Pretty heavy. I was beaten, boycotted, beaten, poured water on things.
Very, very many different things. And in it that kind of thing, that kind of thing for a person's psyche.
bullying at that time, I could hardly share it with my parents. Ừ. Partly because I think my parents are going to go to school and do something big
and this will be repeated again, forever. Ah. So I didn't dare to share it with anyone, and this I kept secret.
I'm fine now. No but I Still Believe Which of you can get through it
school violence, being bullied, is going to be much stronger. Because everyone must know with a child
the school environment is its whole world. Exactly. A small society. A small society and almost a second part,
that is, the judgments about themselves, the thoughts and so-called thoughts about the world around them, the worldview, it is all in school.
Exactly. So if you are rejected, you are denied, you are trampled in that environment, you will find life very bad,
and there's no one, because I don't have a direction to look out for other places so I know there's something out there.
That's right. So the situation in which you are bullied is scary. It's horrible.
Ok, I'll have a question. For example, if I had a child, what would I tell him, and I would
what did you teach him that you weren't taught before? I have to give you a thank you, ờ,
Internet. Ừ. Network. Well, I think that's the time
Class 1 will be enough for him to find out. And it has to know why it formed,
why is it in this world? And how it was born.
How was born. Well, that's a good story. There. Where Were you born? From armpits. Where is your real home?
Which way Were you born? Quynh Street, From Du? Landfill.
Just like that, I think about that too. Ừ. I thought a lot about if I had a child, how would I tell him,
I'll give him time to find out the answer. Ừ. It's like that to me.
Do you think you're going to keep moving in the direction that your child asks you that question at what age?
For example, " Mom!”. How old are we now, for example? It's three years old now.
Three years old. "Mom, Where Were you born?”
"I was born to you because you love each other, so I was born to you.""Oh. But how was she born?”
"Open your mother's stomach. You were in my belly and then you took me out.""Oh. It hurts.”
Boom, a few years later. A few years later, exactly. How many years? Now go to 6th grade.
"Mom, how were you born? I wonder what you don't know.”
"Well, that means parents love each other. Then I got pregnant and I gave birth.”
"Are you born now male or female?"Do you choose whether you are male or female? I'm male.
You're male, right? He said, " When you give birth, you give birth."”
I will still answer that the operation is actually the safest. Ừ. If you are a woman, you will answer a little differently.
If the example is a girl, then: "well, then I gave birth to you in the same way as you.”
"You and I are the same, and now I will be born from that road."Because at least girls have a connection to that,
at least it will be less confused, okay? For example, if your child is in 6th grade, I ask you why you're pregnant.
Ừ. I asked her why she was pregnant. That is, there are now two children. It was because the two parents loved each other.
Because we love each other, that's why we're parents, and then I'm pregnant.
Now ask more about how, for example, he's good at it. That's right. The people who were parents at the time
please open the book and see how your child learns. Okay? Where did you learn? Monitor learning and development situation
of the children. Why? Because it will affect your answers. For example, in 6th grade you have already learned about the genitals, right?
Then I can answer a little more boldly that back then the parents loved each other, the parents loved each other, the parents were intimate with each other, the parents had children.
That's it. It's not even time for her to know about eggs and sperm, right?
Say you love each other and then your egg meets the sperm of three and two people come together, beans in your stomach
so I became a mother to have children. Well, I'm going to ask you, why do sperm get inside the egg?
Well, the sperm in the egg is because the parents cuddle, cuddle each other. Ừ. You're dead, you're gonna hug your friend and you don't know if you're pregnant now? I'm scared.
It's okay. Hugging, you don't cuddle with people. That's all I don't cuddle with you.
The devil's face, he grabbed me.
Ok, we'll go to the next section: happy. Good. Then I ask.
Yeah, in sex. I'm curious, is there anything special about your sex?
Because, ok, you're so special about puberty, aren't you? About consciousness as well as being bullied about your sexuality,
about his sexual orientation it is also very special. Ừ. And also the way I masturbate it is very special.
Then I suspect, maybe there will be something special in your sex life.
Ừ, yes. Well, with you, sex, you'll have some standards,
so that I can get higher. Get high? It's called to the top, right?
Peak swing is easier. Top swing. You should use BDSM. BDSM? Business Development and Marketing.
That's right. Noodles With Tamarind Sauce. Noodles With Tamarind Sauce. Bro Do Some Maths. Yeah. The Letter "M".
"M”? Yes. "M”? Are You "M"? Yes. Ừ. "M" is the kind of people who like BDSM, humiliation,
and the ones, the ones under the sect. In general “”bitter swallowing",
"taste the honey." Slaves, like that. But one such thing is that the page has to say a little bit to everyone,
let people avoid, called people think from A to B. But this is not from A to B, What does that mean?
The fact that I was bullied doesn't mean that
it affects the fact that Khanh's hobby is masochism. That's not the case.
That means these two are very different. Avoid the situation that people think that those who are bullied are crashed into the situation that is not. Okay. That is not who likes BDSM
it also comes from a trauma or something from being bullied, abused, or something. Exactly, in general, people do not take 50 Shades of finished speculation.
Simply so go for it understandable. In general, it is much more complicated than that. It's very complicated. It's a lot of reasons and causes.
It even has several reasons at the same time. This is a so-called, a challenge of those in the most BDSM.
That's the choice of partner. Ừ. Because of this. Many people think it is,
Ok the BDSM players are they will have to play with their lover, or be it possible that they are in a non-Monogamy relationship.
But you are, your self so far as you are in this BDSM, is it difficult for you to choose a lover or type
is there a lover or not? And how would you have to talk to your lover about this? Because this is part of me, I can't hide it.
My Partner, even if I have a lover. Ừ.
I'll talk to my lover that if I and my lover Don't share the same ideological similarities in BDSM, then I'll tell my lover frankly
"Ok, can you text people like this?"It's just a stranger, but we'll
talk to each other in a text-only way. Ừ, ừ. That is, they will not meet or have sex outside. Like that.
That's a need. Yes, that's a need. Like that. And to tell your lover you have needs and needs.
need to connect. The hobby, yeah. Need to connect. Maybe with strangers. It's not that you don't have enough or what,
I just knew you wouldn't like that. Ừ. But I'll, like, sit down and talk to you as civilly as I can
I have absolutely no feelings for anyone but you. I just use my love and I don't have sex with anyone but you. That's right.
You don't meet, do you? Only your beak, have to talk. Your mine is a little messy.
Just like your hand. Your mine is a little messy. But, that's a very good one. I mean
I have a sense of being clear and serious about it. Often people will tend to be: die then I have that is me,
I'm guilty, I'm not right. And I would be afraid to let that out.
Especially if you have a lot of special things. Yes. That's a special masturbation. I chose a very special sexual orientation.
Very minority, few people. Then, now that I'm done, I have a very capable ICO. Yeah. I have a special taste. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, then. What makes you comfortable and accepting
that's what I am and I share it with others. I think it's because of my curiosity and curiosity from the past.
Ừ. I really want to know who I am, what I am. I think everyone will have that question.
What am I in this universe? Who am I, like that. From there, you will learn more about yourself on your own body.
And I'll find out what it's like to have sex with you. But the way we communicate, the way we speak,
because I can understand myself. But I said it and they were bullied by others,
or they deny themselves, they don't accept, they deny. Or maybe there are times
naturally what they're up to is because I'm telling you the truth about me. How did you get through this?
If that's the kind of thing you're doing to so many people,
I'll be like, I have to accept the fact that it's real. Ừ. I have to accept.
And I'm just talking about my own voice. Ah. It's just kind of, uh,
I have such thoughts, such needs and desires.
Do you think your parents have a huge influence on your behavior? Because I think the family should be a cradle.
It's a very big cradle in what I choose. In fact, partly because my parents left me pretty much, at the age of 18
my parents gave me a condom and a lubricating gel. It's also Durex's Invisible Form. Is it for you Invisible?
Yes, of this Durex, and a lubricating gel. Wow. Then I began to realize that my parents had begun for me.
Even then I knew what these two were. Ừ. And my parents told me that my parents knew I was growing up. Ừ.
My parents know that I have a need for these and know well what these are. In general my parents actually gave this one it's just another saying
"All right, do it!", which means it's just “ " Let do it”. Yes, it's kind of like flipping through a new chapter for your child.
My parents agreed, let me. "It's showtime!”. And remember safe. Well, remember safe. Hay.
But I wonder. Did you use two of your parents? Yes. Use it too?
I used it. That's great. Use it with your ex. Use it with your lover? I mean, I was given so I didn't dare to use it, for example, my father gave it to me
the condom is that I don't dare to use it, because every time I use it I remember my dad is like “this, let's do it”
"Three give? Oh, yeah.” You closed the glass cage, right? Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna be like, I'd rather buy something else than be natural
using the three natural ones he remembers that it's weird. So cute, that means your story today.
it's both contradictory that it's good. That's right. That is, my parents are also a very open case.
It just opened up in this respect. It's not normal to give me a condom. It's not easy.
Not a lot of parents do that. There. But also in another aspect,
my parents are homosexuals, and they don't like homosexuals.
Ừ. There. So it's kind of like, it turns around, right? Now that I'm done, I'm a special case too,
masturbating without hands, until now, still not masturbating with hands. Then the next one is Pansexual.
Getting a Pansexual on the show is not easy. Yes, my god. But I see Khanh
it is much stronger than the outward appearance. Because obviously going through those things, but the way you choose, you present yourself,
just as you talk to your lover about your needs, it's clear and clear. Ừ. That means you've gone through a period of acceptance,
and I love myself very well. Well, I'm civilized with myself. That's right, exactly. Kind of like an adult. Growing up in the fact that I am faced with emotions and I am faced with
what will be the problem we face in life? Thank you. God, bland. Oh, my god.
Thank you, " I praise you.”. It's like I'm complimenting you. Thank you.
Thank you very much. Ừ. Thank you. Today's episode is long enough, I won't be tormenting anymore.
Before we finish today's episode, Khanh, do you have something to share with people about your experience today or is it something that you want to draw,
what do you want to give people? If someone out there has an experience like you. and they are bewildered in accepting themselves as well as seeking,
what would you say to everyone? It takes a lot of time for me to go through puberty and
especially what I had to discover at the time. And the experiences and the lessons that I experienced at that time were the ones
experience, in the future it will form its very nature and I will create the standards and the
my own wishes forever. And I think everyone will have their own peculiarities.
Ừ. Yes. I'm lucky I'll find it pretty soon and be in such a special space and family,
it's easier for me to find myself faster. And I think everyone has very different special colors.
Ừ. Great, great. As you can see, in general, the fact that we have experienced puberty is almost everyone the same.
And everyone has something in common: we are confused, we are difficult and we can lose ourselves, we lose ourselves.
So in the present moment it is very fortunate that we have been open, so that everyone can consider openness
as well as being a program, as well as being a friend, if people have no one to share, or no one to listen as well as giving themselves the knowledge
then everyone can watch openly to help openly accompany you in the process in which we puberty,
it's like discovering yourself. And accept, as well as love myself more. That's right. Yes, and also
by the way, I also want to send words to adults, uncles who are puberty it is an extremely sensitive period,
and incredibly, it's both dangerous and beautiful. Yeah. So, if you guys
love your child, try to accompany him in the process of loving and accepting yourself, no matter what happens
we will also have things to share with each other so that we understand each other better, and connect with each other.
Thank you so much for following the episode today, and thank you so much for coming here with you to share about puberty.
And then, shall we bow? Well, then, we bow. Bai bai everyone and see you in the next episodes.
Bai bai.
All right. Okay, in. First, What does sex teach us to be patient? Ladies and gentlemen!!! There's another echo,
the words: "oh, oh, oh." Please Mr. Nam, Mr. Nam answer. Sex teaches us patience, ok. Because sex is a very important thing.
And how patient? Patience in understanding ourselves. Ừ. We discover ourselves. Patience in our understanding of sexuality.
Be patient in understanding your partner. Exactly. Patience in understanding safety, as well as understanding each other in,
in, before and after we have sex. And don't be fomo like seeing other people do that you haven't done
the beginning I was afraid, I rushed and made it to the deadline. No. Yeah. Be patient, understand yourself.
Be patient with yourself and with others. Yeah. And have safe sex!
Verse 2. This is tense. Long. This is a real school.
This is the school, exactly. There you go, marathon. Well, brothers and sisters, talk about heterosexualization of same-sex relationships.
Because I see mass media like newspapers, comics or movies boy love, girl love are very heterosexual
same-sex relationships. And it greatly affects the love of men, women and other trends.
So obviously who the top, who the bot, who the wife, who the husband. Is the top strong and the bot weak?
With the other is that the top is not eyebrows, makeup and the bot is not strong, not too revealing?
It causes a lot of unwanted corollary as you top always considers you bot as a choice
because they think bots in Vietnam are a lot and bored, they quit playing. And you Bi, you know your daughter, you know your son not to be a bot?
There is so much to say without telling them all. Thanks for reading. I hope you'll do it.
Now, the best way to start is to change yourself first.
Because the more people change the problem, the easier it will be to accept.
Why people used to call it top, bottom, or spouses of all kinds.
In fact, these names are just nouns that people use to describe... Something was there.
That's right. Now, for example, I don't think every time you describe it, for example, you're my husband,
what you describe as someone who cares, cares, loves you, has sex with you on the penis, okay?
It's the kind that it's long. It's a label for us to briefly talk about a concept. Exactly.
And the fact that this label can completely change over time is extremely normal. It's normal. Now we just need to create new terms.
Let's say this, instead of now calling people husband and wife, I can call this my partner.
Your partner is not married. Missus, missus. Who is too tough on what is
top must be like this, or bottom must be like this, slowly go, people rest assured, this life will be in your face later,
they simply don't have much experience. It will stumble, folks. Exactly. Because the more you talk later,
or are you exposed to many of you will see that a lot of you can look very top, but that in bed they are bot,
it's very normal. So it turns out this it is very colorful and simple you need to give yourself a lot of experience
and come out talking more. And what I see as this is a very good sentence.
This is a very well-posed problem. Because many of you think that Bisexual friends can only make the top.
That's right. But actually, this is because bi men do the top, do more social,
say more should be out of the city, you hear, you see as well the people who do... Surface. It's not the surface, it's more accessible.
Exactly. What about friends who do top in relationships with women but bottom in relationships with men,
people don't have vocals, people don't speak, so I don't know. You don't see it doesn't mean it doesn't. Understand? That's right.
Okay, thank you. Great. Always love yourself and if you have any questions please comment below
let the following episodes answer us.